d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\BusinessLogic\obj\Debug\BusinessLogicLayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\BusinessLogic.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\BusinessLogic.pdb
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\DataAccessLayer.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\DTOs.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\Mapping.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\DataAccessLayer.pdb
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\DTOs.pdb
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\Mapping.pdb
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\BusinessLogic\obj\Debug\BusinessLogic.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\BusinessLogic\obj\Debug\BusinessLogic.pdb
D:\FirstProject-master\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\BusinessLogic.dll
D:\FirstProject-master\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\BusinessLogic.pdb
D:\FirstProject-master\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
D:\FirstProject-master\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\DataAccessLayer.dll
D:\FirstProject-master\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\DTOs.dll
D:\FirstProject-master\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\Mapping.dll
D:\FirstProject-master\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\FirstProject-master\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
D:\FirstProject-master\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\DataAccessLayer.pdb
D:\FirstProject-master\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\DTOs.pdb
D:\FirstProject-master\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\Mapping.pdb
D:\FirstProject-master\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
D:\FirstProject-master\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\FirstProject-master\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
D:\FirstProject-master\BusinessLogic\obj\Debug\BusinessLogicLayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\FirstProject-master\BusinessLogic\obj\Debug\BusinessLogic.dll
D:\FirstProject-master\BusinessLogic\obj\Debug\BusinessLogic.pdb
