d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\DataAccessService\obj\Debug\DataAccessService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\DataAccessService\bin\DataAccessService.dll.config
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\DataAccessService\bin\DataAccessService.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\DataAccessService\bin\DataAccessService.pdb
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\DataAccessService\bin\AutoMapper.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\DataAccessService\bin\BusinessLogic.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\DataAccessService\bin\DataAccessLayer.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\DataAccessService\bin\DTOs.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\DataAccessService\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\DataAccessService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\DataAccessService\bin\Mapping.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\DataAccessService\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\DataAccessService\bin\Ninject.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\DataAccessService\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\DataAccessService\bin\BusinessLogic.pdb
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\DataAccessService\bin\DataAccessLayer.pdb
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\DataAccessService\bin\DTOs.pdb
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\DataAccessService\bin\Mapping.pdb
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\DataAccessService\bin\AutoMapper.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\DataAccessService\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\DataAccessService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\DataAccessService\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\DataAccessService\bin\Ninject.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\DataAccessService\obj\Debug\DataAccessService.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoccerTeams\DataAccessService\obj\Debug\DataAccessService.pdb
